[docs] Added a section block with Dynamix to Getting Started (#9907)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/_includes/getting_started/dynamix/layouts/STANDARD.md

![resources](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/e/2PACX-1vSTIcQnxcwHsgANqHE5Ry_ZcetYX2lTFdDjd3Kip5cteSbUxwRjR3NigwQzyTMDGX10_Avr_mizOB5o/pub?w=960&h=720)
<!--- Source: https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1hjmDn2aJj3ru3kBR6Jd6MAW3NWJZMNkend_K43cMN0w/edit --->

In this scheme, an internal cluster network is created with a gateway to the public network; the nodes do not have public IP addresses. Note that the floating IP is assigned to the master node.

> > **Caution!**
> > If the provider does not support SecurityGroups, all applications running on nodes with floating IPs assigned will be available at a public IP. For example, kube-apiserver on master nodes will be available on port 6443. To avoid this, we recommend using the SimpleWithInternalNetwork placement strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert level="warning" %}
If the provider does not support SecurityGroups, all applications running on nodes with floating IPs assigned will be available at a public IP. For example, kube-apiserver on master nodes will be available on port 6443. To avoid this, we recommend using the `SimpleWithInternalNetwork` placement strategy.
{% endalert %}
```
